okay so my last video as I mentioned I
was going to build the cocktail arcade
machine I finally finished it so here it
is it works like the true cake machine
which should put in a previous video
basically it's rather you can put in a
large pot or an iPhone or an Android
phone running mate for all inside and
the controls connect up using bluetooth
viewer out so with the controls sort of
similar to the retro Kade you've got
your start button and exits the menu in
main the usual joystick with the
aluminium ball top four fire buttons and
we've got four indoor difficult button
and it gives you credits the siding is
finest cedar cladding
and then on top you've basically got the
same artwork or same loaned artwork
replicating in and done this one again
myself okay let's see if we can play
game yeah again despite main and begin
to legality of main you need to own PCBs
of the games you want play
then you can see it's gonna be hard to
control just because of the design of a
cocktail machine but actually you find
that your hole decides like this and
it's fuzzy to the Holdren and control
using the ust thumbs and the vibe under
the Sun so it's a bit surprised it was
good surprise anyway I see a bunny
insidiously I can exit out of this and
but calendar as well that one up
putting a coin
anyway that is it and when you think
it's just pop the lid take you out put
where you go at the end of this video I
might if I can work out how to do it a
pen a slide show of the build of this if
not I'll have another video with the
link in this video in the description
anyway thanks